gh-137146: Validate IPv6 ZoneID characters against RFC 6874 in urllib.parse (#137148)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-07-27-15-23-32.gh-issue-137146.BE_ylT.rst

> Validate IPv6 ZoneID characters in bracketed hostnames to match RFC 6874. `urllib.parse` now rejects ZoneIDs containing invalid or unsafe characters.

Reviewer: This is reStructuredText, not Markdown, so references look like this:
```suggestion
Validate IPv6 ZoneID characters in bracketed hostnames to match RFC 6874. :mod:`urllib.parse` now rejects ZoneIDs containing invalid or unsafe characters.
```

Reviewer 2: urllib.parse is a module, if you want to talk about the function it's urllib.parse.urlparse. I've edited Zero's answer by changing the role as I didn't check which functions are affected (if it's the entire module, it's fine to only quote the module)

Reviewer: Oops, thanks.

Author: I corrected the blurb and added the tests, thank you for your help.

> Validate IPv6 ZoneID characters in bracketed hostnames to match RFC 6874. :func:`urllib.parse.urlparse` now rejects ZoneIDs containing invalid or unsafe characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:func:`urllib.parse.urlparse` now rejects IPv6 ZoneIDs containing
invalid or unsafe characters as per :rfc:`6874`.
```
